Surfboards | Dark Arts Surf Skip to content Close menu SHOP By Artist JT Pyzel Album T. Patterson Tomo AJW Rusty By Type High Performance Groveler Daily Driver Alternative Shapes By Country USA Australia All Surfboards In-Stock Surfboards On Sale & Used Merch & Accessories Fins Traction Leashes Board Bags Utility Mats T-Shirts Sweatshirts Hats Gift Cards In-Stock Boards Sale & Used Why Carbon About Us About Our Story Carbon Construction Dark Artists Resources FAQs Customer Service News Blog Testimonials Custom Order Log in Instagram Facebook YouTube Cart Close cart Site navigation Site navigation SHOP By Artist JT Pyzel Album T. Patterson Tomo AJW Rusty By Type High Performance Groveler Daily Driver Alternative Shapes By Country USA Australia All Surfboards In-Stock Surfboards On Sale & Used Merch & Accessories Fins Traction Leashes Board Bags Utility Mats T-Shirts Sweatshirts Hats Gift Cards In-Stock Boards Sale & Used Why Carbon About Us About Our Story Carbon Construction Dark Artists Resources FAQs Customer Service News Blog Testimonials Custom Order Log in Search Search Cart Search "Close (esc)" Surfboards Filter Close menu Shaper ALBUM JT Pyzel T. Patterson Tomo AJW Rusty Board Type High Performance Daily Drivers Groveler Alternative Shaper ALBUM JT Pyzel T. Patterson Tomo AJW Rusty Board Type High Performance Daily Drivers Groveler Alternative Filter Sort Sort Featured Most relevant Best selling Alphabetically, A-Z Alphabetically, Z-A Price, low to high Price, high to low Date, old to new Date, new to old Quick view JT Dad Bod $1,195.00 Buy Now Quick view ALBUM Twinsman $1,395.00 Buy Now Quick view Tomo Vader V2 $1,395.00 Buy Now Quick view Plasmic $1,475.00 Buy Now Quick view Pyzel White Tiger from $1,295.00 Buy Now Quick view Pyzel Ghost from $1,295.00 Buy Now Quick view Pyzel Red Tiger from $1,295.00 Buy Now Quick view Pyzel Pyzalien 2 from $1,295.00 Buy Now 1 2 3 … 7 Next Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) JT Dad Bod Regular price $1,195.00 Save $-1,195.00 / The DadBod is a condensed shortboard design based off of a design JT shaped in early 2000. This board is wider and thicker but has contemporary shortboard rails. Flatter entry rocker, double to single concave, and a wide tail help the DadBod excel in knee to head high waves, soft or punchy. One of our most versatile models considering its range. Ridden 4-6 inches smaller than your average shortboard, allows it to fit in tight places on a wave, while the extra float helps for engineering speed and enhancing paddle power. The Dad Bod helps maintain fun in less than ideal conditions while still being progressive in decent waves. A favorite of JT team rider Kyle Knox, who named the board for its diversity. It has become one of his mainstays for small to medium size days. The DadBod is always there for a good time! Great board for Beginner / Intermediate level surfers to take it to the next level and Advanced level surfers to maximize fun. The DadBod is made as a thruster, but all Dark Arts surfboards are customizable. The DadBod, combined with the Dark Arts vacuumed carbon attributes, flex-back, durability, and supreme weight, make this model a sure shot! Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 5 reviews Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) ALBUM Twinsman Regular price $1,395.00 Save $-1,395.00 / The premier tool of the twin-fin trade. A go-to performer in all conditions. Slight concave deck, foam pushed to the perimeter, with a revolutionary rail to rocker to bottom contour that generates speed effortlessly but allows for easy control, turning and drive on-demand. Josh Kerr spent a month in Indo and couldn't get off it! Ride it a couple inches longer than your fish and 1-3 liters more than your standard shortboard. Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Tomo Vader V2 Regular price $1,395.00 Save $-1,395.00 / The Tomo Vader has returned with the addition of the Vee Quad Concave hull design (VQC) A fresh perspective on perhaps the most 'disruptive design in modern surfing' VADER V2 is set to make another major stir with optimisation of the outline, bottom contour and nose entry curves. This 'ultra high performance' design once again defies traditional logic and offers an incredibly intuitive ride quality, effortless rail to rail transitions and an almost supernatural acceleration through turns. Despite the tiny dimensions, the rectangular outline combined with the deep spine like nature of the of the Vee bottom , provide a balanced volume distribution under the chest for comfortable paddling and great wave catching, while still maintaining a fine rail profile for sensitive rail control. Tomo strongly feels the Vader2.0 is "the Fastest surfboard design in Modern Surfing" and will level up the surfing of anyone who rides it. For good surfers looking for maximum perfomance: Size Vader V2 at 5-6 inches shorter than customers standing height ( or equal to the tip of ones nose) same volume as lowest functional comfortable level or minus 1 L from a traditional performance shape. Quad fin or 5 box setup recommended. Best suited for Good To Advanced Surfers. Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 1 review Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Plasmic Regular price $1,475.00 Save $-1,475.00 / In early 2019, Album started working on prototypes for their soft top program. They wanted to make a board sub 5'0” that could carry volume but still be a ripper. They made a 4'10” chunky little thing that was a little over 30 liters, with a fishy rocker, twin-fin setup, and a wild double-barrel bonzer-style deep-channel concave running almost the full length of the bottom of the board. Album gave it to Asher and Josh to test. The results were remarkable. It was the first Album board Asher rode and within two sessions the guys had already stacked internet-breaking clips on a first-draft prototype. So it went off to create the mold for the Seaskate soft top, but they knew they had to make a model out of it. Ride it a little shorter and thicker than a Sunstone. It packs a lot of volume, but don't be afraid to ride it 3-5 liters more than your shortboard. Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 1 review Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Pyzel White Tiger Regular price $1,295.00 Save $-1,295.00 / The White Tiger is the latest offering in our Funformance category - a fun, stubby little board designed for average/below average waves. It gets up and goes easily, flies through the weakest sections, but still lets you smash the lip and boost airs along the way. The very first one was a side project board for John John Florence, who rarely rides "fun" boards, just sticks to pure performance. It sat in his garage for maybe a year, and in the meantime I made a few for his little brother Ivan. It was the perfect design to fit Ivan's surf/skate style and soon he was telling us how much he loved it and sending us clips of him doing big carves and boosting airs on it. Finally JJF pulled his 5'6" out and was immediately having a blast on it too. Now its one of John's favorite boards to ride whenever he has some time off from the tour and just wants to play around with something different. Here's the basic info on what makes the White Tiger go- It has a clean but stubby outline, with a very full nose and wide squash tail. There is no hip and the wide point is 1 ½" forward of the center. The tail measurement is just slightly wider than the nose. The thickness is also concentrated forward, with a beak-nose design that helps keep the volume up under the chest area for better paddle power. The bottom rocker is even and flowing, flat throughout the board and designed to get up on top of the water quickly, which lets you build and carry speed with ease. The bottom has a single/double concave running through the front 2/3s of the board which transitions into a pronounced vee/double concave in the last 1/3 through the fins and off the end of the tail. The single/double concave give the board lots of lift (think speed) while helping to let the wider design transition from rail to rail with ease. The vee running off the tail also helps the board tip over onto the rail at speed and lets you turn it up into the lip with ease. It has a relatively flat deck that blends out into tapered rails. This keeps a lot of volume in the board while still keeping it sensitive through turns and easy to pump down the line without feeling too boaty for its volume. We recommend you ride the White Tiger anywhere from 2-5" shorter than your regular shortboard depending on your surfing ability, and ½ to 1" wider and add a bit more volume than you normally ride. (JJF and Ivan both ride 5'6" White Tigers and their normal boards are 6'0"). Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 2 reviews Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Pyzel Ghost Regular price $1,295.00 Save $-1,295.00 / High performance shortboard, for medium to large waves. Rode by John John Florence in his 2017 World Title campaign. Designed for hollower and more powerful waves, also proven to work at reef breaks, dumpy beach breaks, and point breaks. Paddles and picks up speed easily while holding in critical turns . Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 1 review Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Pyzel Red Tiger Regular price $1,295.00 Save $-1,295.00 / Silky smooth, even in junk waves, and possibly our fastest board yet, The Red Tiger is John John Florence's new High Performance Shortboard unlike anything we have released in the past. It is the ultimate performance machine for small/medium sized, slower, weaker waves based on John's simple guidance - make it Fast and Fun. The idea for this board was hatched when John began riding some different - fun boards -during some breaks from competing. By far his favorite in the last year has been our new flat rockered, Funformance board, the White Tiger (5'6"), and he asked me to turn that design into something he could take back on tour to ride when the surf was less than pumping or on the weaker side. The outline is a touch on the plump side for a HPSB, but the wide point sits a more traditional inch behind center, keeping the emphasis to surfing it off the mid to back half of the board. The wider tail-block squash helps to keep area in the tail which provides lift and drive, and also helps create pop when going to the air. A moderate hip by the front fins puts a break in the outline to help create a pivot point that allows for tighter radius turns and release in the lip. The rocker and bottom contour is really what sets this board from other boards in this category. Its our flattest HPSB so far and that rocker translates to easy, consistent speed from the moment you stand up, through flat sections and even in super weak, small waves. But, flat rocker can feel sticky and tends to make you surf flat, so we run single to double concave (JJF's favorite bottom contour) through the front 2/3 of the board and then blend that into a significant double concave/deep vee combo through the fins and off the tail. This bottom keeps the flatter board easy to roll rail-to-rail and the vee of the tail works to allow easy vertical surfing and short-arc carves, even in tight, pockety waves. The thickness flow (foil) from nose to tail is balanced and clean, with the front of the board just barely thinner than the back half. The deck is flat-ish, keeping more foam (volume) out towards the rails. The actual rails are full just in from the outline (under the ball of your hand if you are holding the board under your arm), but are tapered to keep sensitivity and bite. Ride your Red Tiger around an inch shorter than normal HPSB, and a bit wider. Volume should be close, but go up a ½ to1 liter for added zing in weaker waves. The board will easily turn your everyday sessions into something special and we believe it will outperform any other HPSB in underpar waves AND still come through when the surf turns on! Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 2 reviews Write a review "Close (esc)" Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Close (esc) Pyzel Pyzalien 2 Regular price $1,295.00 Save $-1,295.00 / The Pyzalien 2 works great in a huge variety of waves, from points, to reefs, to beach break. It has one of the most user friendly, yet high performance rockers we've made, smooth and clean, with med/low entry running through to med+ tail rocker. The bottom has a single concave starting in the nose, running under the front foot, blending into double concave and then VEE in the last 6 inches of the tail which adds release that helps ease you into turns. This rocker/bottom combo gives the board quick, effortless speed from take-off, while increasing the responsiveness and control, allowing for easier rail to rail transitions at high speeds. The outline is clean and simple, no hips or wings just a fuller nose and wider tail which keeps the board very fast and drivey, making for easy flow through flatter sections. One of the biggest changes from the Original Pyzalien is a more domed deck with refined rails, so we recommend that you order it the same thickness, 1/4 to 1/2 inch wider and 2-3 inches shorter than your standard shortboard. Comes standard with a clean swallow tail for added snappiness and spark! This is a great Daily Driver board with a High Performance personality, built for most levels of surfer, from novice to Pro. Note: In Stock Surf Boards will be shipped within 2-5 business days of purchase. Custom surfboards will be shipped within 10 weeks (not including holiday weeks) of purchase. Reviews Customer Reviews Based on 1 review Write a review "Close (esc)" STAY UP TO DATE Sign up for demo tour dates & exclusive releases. Enter your email Subscribe Dark Arts Surf Dark Arts Surf Surfboards Accessories Discover FAQs Search Dealer Inquiries Store Locator Customer Service Dark Arts Wallpaper Privacy Policy Shipping Policy General Inquiries General Inquiries info@darkartssurf.com 1-619-255-2529 3106 Main St., San Diego, California, United States 92113 Stay updated Stay updated Sign up for demo tour release dates & exclusive releases. Enter your email Subscribe Instagram Facebook YouTube © 2026 Dark Arts Surf Dealer Inquiries If you are interested in selling our surfboards or have further retail questions, please click the link below to connect with our sales team and team member will get back to you shortly. Thanks! Download PDF Catalog Email to Inquire "Close (esc)" Previous Next "Close (esc)" Custom Order If you would like to place an order that is different from our dimension offerings, please click the email link below to send us your request, and a team member will get back to you shortly. Thanks! Name Email Phone number Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province Zip Country Will you pickup the board or ship it? Pickup Shipping If shipping, where is the nearest airport? Select a shaper JT Pyzel Album T. Patterson Tomo AJW Rusty Board Model Board Length Board Thickness Desired Board Volume Board Color Black Carbon (NO FINISH) Bali Bowie Fern Foam Hibiscus Sol Stealth Tahini Red Tide Sea Foam Green Choose a fin box Futures FCS II Fin Setup Single Fin Twin Fin Twin Fin + Trailer Thruster Quad Quad + Longbox Additional Notes Rush Order? None 4 Weeks [+$250] Upload Photos/Documents Send "Close (esc)"